README.md, before:

# Tinster
- Tinster is a fullstack photo sharing web application, where users can create and interact with posts.

# Screenshots
### Login Page
<img src="./README/Login Page.png" width="600">

- User can login via Google OAUTH

<br>
<br>

### Home Page
<img src="README/Home Page.png" width="600">

- User can view all posts created, with the newest at the top.
- User can click on "Like Post & View Comments" to get to the details page

<br>
<br>

### Details Page
<img src="./README/Details Page.png" width="600">

- User can like a post
- User can leave comments on a post
- User can delete comments left on a post

<br>
<br>

### Create Post Page
<img src="./README/Create Post Page.png" width="600">

- User can upload an image to be posted along with a title and brief description

<br>
<br>

### User Posts Page
<img src="./README/My Posts Page.png" width="600">

- User can view all posts created
- User can edit posts created
- User can delete posts created

<br>
<br>

### Edit Post Page
<img src="./README/Edit Post Page.png" width="600">

- User can edit posts created
- User can only edit the title and description

<br>
<br>

# Technologies Used

- EJS
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Node JS
- Express
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- Google OAUTH
- Passport
- Heroku
- Multer-s3
- AWS S3

<br>
<br>

# Getting Started

- The link to Tinster deployed on Heroku, can be found below.

        ...
- The link to the Trello board with the project's planning is:

        https://trello.com/invite/b/iHKrFTJW/7f8112d3e8e8c63eb5ab5a102b14ca8b/tinster

<br>
<br>

# Next Steps
- Make Tinster more mobile friendly.
- Change timestamp formatting for creation date & time
- Add edit comment functionality
- Prevent full page reload after posting comment or like
- Add a search bar for posts or creators
- Have a user profile page with Avatar, Bio, etc
- Make file uploads compatible with .HEIC file type
- Delete image from folder when post is deleted

Commit message:

handle error when req.user is not found

README.md, after:

# Tinster
- Tinster is a MEN stack photo sharing web application, where users can create and interact with posts.

# Screenshots
### Login Page
<img src="./README/Login Page.png" width="600">

- User can login via Google OAUTH

<br>
<br>

### Home Page
<img src="README/Home Page.png" width="600">

- User can view all posts created, with the newest at the top.
- User can click on "Like Post & View Comments" to get to the details page

<br>
<br>

### Details Page
<img src="./README/Details Page.png" width="600">

- User can like a post
- User can leave comments on a post
- User can delete comments left on a post

<br>
<br>

### Create Post Page
<img src="./README/Create Post Page.png" width="600">

- User can upload an image to be posted along with a title and brief description

<br>
<br>

### User Posts Page
<img src="./README/My Posts Page.png" width="600">

- User can view all posts created
- User can edit posts created
- User can delete posts created

<br>
<br>

### Edit Post Page
<img src="./README/Edit Post Page.png" width="600">

- User can edit posts created
- User can only edit the title and description

<br>
<br>

# Technologies Used

- EJS
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Node JS
- Express
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- Google OAUTH
- Passport
- Heroku
- Multer-s3
- AWS S3

<br>
<br>

# Getting Started

- The link to Tinster deployed on Heroku, can be found below.

        ...
- The link to the Trello board with the project's planning is:

        https://trello.com/invite/b/iHKrFTJW/7f8112d3e8e8c63eb5ab5a102b14ca8b/tinster

<br>
<br>

# Next Steps
- Make Tinster more mobile friendly.
- Fix issue that causes app to crash if no user is found
- Change timestamp formatting for creation date & time
- Add edit comment functionality
- Prevent full page reload after posting comment or like
- Add a search bar for posts or creators
- Have a user profile page with Avatar, Bio, etc
- Make file uploads compatible with .HEIC file type
- Delete image from folder when post is deleted
